mmm barbecue 2015 I'll give you the date
to start with okay all right the show is
going to be of course at the Susquehanna
Bank Center outdoors and it will be on a
Saturday Saturday for the mmm barbecue
you have no idea what that means to us
personally we can actually see the show
the Sunday ones as wonderful as they are
that day the next day slug for early
risers it's the Sabbath it is this as
well you are correct alright so let's
get with the bands
all right we're gonna we're gonna give
you the full lineup ladies and gentlemen
on stage for mm arbic you 2015 may 16th
Susquehanna Bank Center slash
conspirators
and they are mm rbq alums they know the
deal they're the one band that I went
right down the front in the pit for and
it was as high energy as you could get
all right let's get to the next one
Pierre
they were in town last night in a
sold-out MMR concert event they are back
their name is bush
so damn good last night I think I've got
concert stuff coming later it's so good
I understand you had a chance to say hi
to Gavin we had a nice chat with Gavin
he said I cannot wait to come back when
it's warm here yeah he's a wise man next
and this one I think is really gonna
excite a lot of people because I haven't
seen him in a long time they're gonna be
playing the MMR Baku 2015 Saturday May
16th that's us the Susquehanna Bank
Center it is the return of Breaking
Benjamin
they are a beloved man they's it
actually won Emma March Madness if you
remember my conscious yeah from the area
and obviously high-energy and loaded
with great songs
five here let's do the next band
longtime friendship with these guys mmm
archived sessions galore their name is
Caesar
[Music]
walking show yep
oh yeah a lot of crunch in this year's M
amar bukh you
[Music]
again song after song that you know
let's call it Nestle's because they
bring the crunch thank you they played
the mm barbeque before as well and just
awesome group of people and talked about
high energy the whole band gets up and
tears it up we are welcoming back to the
MMR baku stage hail storm
[Applause]
[Music]
Lizzy and the boys will be on stage and
they tuck I mean high energy she is
crazy on stage let's get to the next one
Pierre another lovely lady fronting The
Pretty Reckless Taylor Momsen
so Pretty Reckless are gonna be there
I've got a guest Pierre that maybe Lizzy
and Taylor might jump up on stage with
each other at some point I would like
that and I'd like it if they made out to
a lot of unit actually there's more next
band that we are gonna welcome to the
stage they've never played the mm rbq
before bill Weston assures me he's seen
them live and he's like wow these guys
really easy he was talking about how
amazing they really perform live and
we're excited to have join us and be a
part of the the mm arbic you legacy
rival sons
[Music]
[Applause]
the opening band will be as it has
always been a local band Philadelphia's
own cold roses
there you go ladies and gentlemen
and then barbecue 2015 I'll run it all
down for you once again / featuring
Myles Kennedy and the co-conspirators
for the conspirators they say a bush
Breaking Benjamin
seether hailstorm The Pretty Reckless
rival sons and this band
Philadelphia's own cold roses so there
we have it